welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we
are making kitsune udon kitsune udon is
pseudo noodles in hot dashi soup topped
with seasoned obliga fried tofu it is
one of the most popular noodle dishes
and a staple menu item at you don't
restaurants in Japan these are the
ingredients we use a blogger which is
frightened tofu to be seasoned with
sugar soy sauce sake and meeting and we
don't noodles and green onions for the
broth we use dashi broth soy sauce salt
meeting and sake for the exact
measurement of the ingredients and
complete recipe please visit our website
japanese cooking 101 calm first cut a
Bloggie into squares chopped green
onions and set aside we are going to
quickly boil a bragger to cut the grease
on the surface just for a few seconds
and set aside in a pot we have water
sugar soy sauce sake and meeting heat at
medium heat
and at prepared a bragger and cook until
all the liquid is gone and set aside
heat a sheet to a boil and add salt soy
sauce meeting and sake and add the udon
to the soup and let it simmer for two to
three minutes
divide noodles and soup into balls place
cooked obligee on top and sprinkle on
the chopped green onions kitsune udon is
a classic japanese
noodle dish well-seasoned a blog a
stands out perfectly without its taste
blurring into the soup this is one
noodle dish you should definitely try if
you haven't already
you